# Occupancy data generation
This part of the project reads the relational structure that is generated by the metadata and sample results script and outputs .csv files with seeded random occupancy, capacity and headcount.

***

## Table of Contents
1. [Prerequisites](#prerequisites)
2. [Instalation](#instalation)
3. [Build](#build)
4. [Run](#run)
5. [Maintenance](#maintenance)

***

## Prerequisites
To run this script you need to have
- NodeJS 12.x+
- NPM (Automatically installed alongside NodeJS on Windows, but requires manual installation on MacOS or GNU/Linux).

***

## Instalation
1. Open a terminal in the project root directory and navigate to data-generation/spohisticated-results
2. Run ```npm install``` and wait for the dependencies to be satisified.

***

## TypeScript Configuration
You can find the TypeScript config file in the root directory. 

***

## Build
Since this is a TypeScript project, you will need to compile the TS code into a NodeJS-readable JavaScript code. To do that, simply run `npm run build` and the compiled code will be built in the `./dist` directory.
***

## Run

### In the current input directoy you will find the files ```dimTimeSlot.csv``` and ```dimDate.csv```. The script reads these files and generates data based on them.
### Keep in mind that when generating data for a full month and for more than 200 sensors the script will require more RAM (more than the default amount - 1gb). To allow nodejs to use more RAM you need to provide the following argument: ```--max-old-space-size=xxxx``` where xxxx would be the amount - for example ```8192```. This argument is automatically provided if you use the `npm start` command.
### The script requires the path to the ```relational_structure.json`` to be provided as a command line argument.
You will find a sample `relational_structure.json` file in the `./input` directory.

To run the script use the following command:

`npm start ./input/relational_structure.json`

***

## Maintenance
The script has a configured linter and prettier. Simply run ```npm run code:format``` to perform checks on the script and make sure that it is formatted properly.

***